---
description: >-
  Our Customer Support team uses a tiered support structure that splits
  technical support tasks into different levels. Each level has its own
  responsibilities and expertise.
---

# Tiered Structure

<table><thead><tr><th width="262">Role</th><th>Job Responsibilities</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><mark style="color:red;">Support Analyst | <strong>Level 1</strong></mark></td><td><p><strong>Our First-Line of support gets all the customer tickets and sorts them based on its complexity.</strong> </p><p>They handle <strong>everyday customer concerns that are common and urgent</strong>. Their priority is to solve problems ASAP so that customers can carry on with their day. </p><p>They also try to <strong>collect as much information about the customer's issue as they can</strong>. If they're unable to fix the problem, they'll hand it off to second-line support.</p></td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:red;">Support Specialist | <strong>Level 2</strong></mark></td><td><p><strong>Second-line support is responsible for addressing customer problems that are too technical, uncommon, or time-consuming for first-line support.</strong> </p><p>Second-line agents possess specialized knowledge, focusing on complex issues that require an in-depth understanding of our product.</p><p>If a recognized product issue is identified, <strong>second-line agents are responsible for escalating the issue to the R&#x26;D team</strong> (3rd Line).</p></td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:red;"><strong>Support Manager</strong></mark></td><td><p><strong>Technical Support Manager oversees the team</strong> and is responsible for managing the technical support process, which includes <strong>managing the queue of support tickets and escalated issues.</strong> </p><p>The manager also makes sure that <strong>support is provided quickly and effectively.</strong> Additionally, they assist other customer-facing departments with any technical questions they may have.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>
